W-13223802-deploymentmapenhancement-se (#230)
mulesoft/docs-rpa: rpa-manager/modules/ROOT/pages/processoperations-deploymentmap.adoc

= Deployment Map

> The deployment map shows the current status of each run configuration of all processes for which you are a team member.

Reviewer: "of each" and "of all" and multiple prepositional phrases make this sentence hard to process. Would one of the following work?

Is it important to say "processes for which you are a team member" or can you just say "your team's processes"?

The deployment map shows the current status of each run configuration for each of your team's processes.

or more generally (is it important to say "for each run configuration"?):

The deployment map shows the current run configuration statuses for each of your team's processes.

Author: I agree that the sentence is not easy to process, but feel that it is more precise, because:
Each process
- is contained in a project
- has its own team (only if the user belongs to this team, he can view the process project)
- has a set of run configurations

Reviewer 2: I agree with Beth that this sentence is hard to read. Maybe you can split this sentence in two:
The deployment map shows the current status of the run configurations. The run configurations belong to the running processes you are a team member of.
This is just an idea. I don't like my sentence hahaha

Author: Hi Cris,
unfortunately your sentences also don't tell the truth...
How about

The deployment map shows the current status of the run configurations. The deployment map only shows run configurations of processes for which you are a team member.

Reviewer 2: Yeah! Your option sounds great! Go ahead!

The interrelationships of processes, RPA Bots, and configurations are mapped as a network.

You can view and manage all your run configurations in one place:

* Switch between test and production configurations.
* Switch between hierarchical and star network views.
* Filter the bots and configurations by status.
* Switch directly to the detailed view of a process or a configuration.

> * Execute test configurations directly from here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Execute test configurations.
```

Reviewer: "directly from here" is unnecessary because the lead-in says "in one place".

> * Execute test configurations directly from here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Execute test configurations.
```

> * Execute, pause, and stop production configurations directly from here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Execute, pause, and stop production configurations.
```

> The deployment map does not show invokable run configurations that were deleted in RPA Manager. Invokable run configurations deleted in RPA Manager still exist in Anypoint Exchange, but cannot be run by the bot. The deployment map might still show invokable configuration assets deprecated in Anypoint Exchange. Make sure to sync configuration changes manually between RPA Manager and Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: In this one, the main action is to manually keep the configuration changes in sync. I suggest making a change like the following to make this active voice, present tense, and more clear, readable, and parallel in structure.

You must manually keep configuration changes in RPA Manager and Anypoint Exchange in sync. Configurations might become out of sync in the following situations:

. Invokable run configurations deleted in RPA Manager might still exist in Anypoint Exchange, but they cannot cannot be run by the bot and do not appear in RPA Manager. 
. Invokable configuration assets deprecated in Anypoint Exchange might still appear in RPA Manager.

= Deployment Map

The deployment map shows the current status of each run configuration of all processes for which you are a team member.

The interrelationships of processes, RPA Bots, and configurations are mapped as a network.

You can view and manage all your run configurations in one place:

* Switch between test and production configurations.
* Switch between hierarchical and star network views.
* Filter the bots and configurations by status.
* Switch directly to the detailed view of a process or a configuration.
* Execute test configurations.
* Execute, pause, and stop production configurations.

You must manually keep configuration changes in RPA Manager and Anypoint Exchange in sync. Configurations might become out of sync in the following situations:

> * Invokable run configurations deleted in RPA Manager might still exist in Anypoint Exchange, but they cannot cannot be run by the bot and do not appear in RPA Manager.

Reviewer 2: "cannot" is repeated twice.

> * Invokable run configurations deleted in RPA Manager might still exist in Anypoint Exchange, but they cannot cannot be run by the bot and do not appear in RPA Manager.

Reviewer 2: Avoid passive voice:
...but the bot cannot run them so they do not appear in RPA Manager.

|View the process deployment map
|Process Deployment Map Open

|Execute, pause or stop configurations
|Process Automation Open

|===

* You can only view processes for which you are part of the process team.

> * To execute, pause or stop configurations obtain the needed team member permissions for the respective phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To execute, pause, or stop configurations, obtain the needed team member permissions for the respective phase.
```

* You cannot interact with invokable configurations.
* The deployment map shows only bots that have configurations deployed.

== Filter Configurations by Status

> To show a relevant subset of the map, filter the configurations by status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show a subset of the map, filter the configurations by status.
```

Reviewer: relevant is unnecessary, as the concept of filtering is understood by the audience

You can use the following filters:

* Deployed:
+
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which the configuration is deployed.
* Undeployed
+
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which the configuration is not deployed.
* Paused 
+
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which the configuration is deployed.
* Errors and warnings
+ 
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which errors or warnings occur.

You can refine the filter results using the same filters again.

To filter configurations by status:

. Open the *Deployment Map* view in the *Process Operations* module.
. Click the *Filter by state* icon.

> . Click the filter you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select a filter.
```

> . To refine the result further, deselect all filters, you do not want to use on the shown subset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To refine the result, deselect the filters that you do not want to use on the subset.
```

Reviewer: The minimal edit for this one is to remove the comma between filters and you.

|View the process deployment map
|Process Deployment Map Open

> |Execute, pause or stop configurations

Reviewer 2: A comma is missing:
Execute, pause, or stop configurations

|Process Automation Open

|===

* You can only view processes for which you are part of the process team.
* To execute, pause, or stop configurations, obtain the needed team member permissions for the respective phase.
* You cannot interact with invokable configurations.
* The deployment map shows only bots that have configurations deployed.

== Filter Configurations by Status

To show a subset of the map, filter the configurations by status.

You can use the following filters:

* Deployed:
+
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which the configuration is deployed.
* Undeployed
+
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which the configuration is not deployed.
* Paused 
+
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which the configuration is deployed.
* Errors and warnings
+ 
Show all process-configuration-bot combinations in which errors or warnings occur.

You can refine the filter results using the same filters again.

To filter configurations by status:

. Open the *Deployment Map* view in the *Process Operations* module.

> . Click the *Filter by state* icon.

Reviewer 2: you can also simple say "Click *Filter by state*."

. Select a filter.
. To refine the result, deselect the filters that you do not want to use on the shown subset.

The deployment map view is updated.

To show the complete map again, click *Reset Filters*.

== Manage Configuration Executions

> The actions *Start*, *Deploy*, *Pause*, *Continue*, and *Revoke process* each refer to a single configuration-bot combination. The action does not change identical configurations that are deployed to a different bot or different configurations that are deployed to the same bot.

Reviewer 2: The "each" is not needed:
The actions *Start*, *Deploy*, *Pause*, *Continue*, and *Revoke process* refer to a single configuration-bot combination.
